Wu Fang
It's poison
This is too exaggerated
You could laugh at that.
poison
After all, my sister
You what?
You mean it's alright this time thanks to your help
Wait until the next time we meet, you will accept me as your disciple
I said I was going to find you, but you had to come and pick me up
Is it just to appreciate my handsomeness more?
Don't flatter yourself
I have to drive in a while
How can I appreciate your bullshit handsomeness?
No, it's best if you drive later.
Better be careful
I don't want to be a pair of desperate mandarin ducks with you
I bah
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Just don't say I know
You must miss a man
a filthy mouth cannot utter decent language
skin redness
Rapid heartbeat
limb tightness
The most important thing is that you just kept looking at me
Makes it hard for me not to suspect that you have bad thoughts about me
What does big sex mean?
Big perverted pervert
narcissist
Thanks for the compliment
Yes, I like it very much.